boardGamev5PseudoCode.txt
Input: Player name,  and answers to cards
Processing: 1. Display a window to take user name
            2. Display greeting message, rule button, play button, and exit button on a window
            3. If the user click on the rule button, pop out the rule window where the rule is explained
            4. If user clicks play button,
              a. Pop out question window.
                a-1. Display questions from card.txt file and take user input for the answer
              b. Pop out a results
                b-1. window to inform user whether the input was correct and the points gained(or lost)
                b-2. On the same window,  display user's current point
              c. When user finish answering all the questions, pop out window to ask whether user wants to play again
                c-1 If user click yes, repeat step 4
                c-2 If user click no, display confirmation window to confirm whether the user want to quit
                  c-2.1 If user clicked yes, exit the programmer
                  c-2.2 If user clicked no, close the confirm window

            5. If user clicks exit button
              5-1 Pop out a confirmation window to confirm whether the user want to quit
              5-2 If user clicked yes, exit the programmer
              5-3 If user clicked no, close the confirm window

Output: name window, name input box, greeting window, rule window, question window, position window, question, answer input box, exit window


1. Declare and initialize variables.
   intro = choice = ""
   playAgain = finishedRules = "yes"
   position = 0
   invalid = True
   fileName = "card.txt"
   questions = []
   answers = []
   points = []

2. graph name window with a text box for user name
3. Display name window
3. graph greeting window to greet with user.
4. graph greeting message, rule button, play button, and exit button on the greeting window
5. Display greeting window
6. graph rule window with rule text and done button
7. If the rule button is clicked, display the rule window
8. open cards.txt file
9. read cards.txt file line by line
10.store question in each line in a variable
11.store answer in each line in a variable
12.store position in each line in a variable
13.graph question window with question(each line of cards.txt), text box for answer, and a enter button
14.after the enter button is clicked, compare user input with the correct answer
15.display the answer entered, correct answer, advance or retrieve steps, current position, and next button
16.repeat 13-15
17.after all the questions are answered, pop out window to ask whether user wants to keep playing
18.if yes, repeat 8-17
19.if not, pop out confirm window to confirm whether user wants to quit
20.if yes, display bye bye message
22.if not, repeat 8-19
